more created
index pages
in general, what are the contacts
now move the compass from the data and
moved information to the database because
What is the difference
saves spelled out
3 4
jamaican information
text our guard sa sam
data
and when snacks are needed
connects these databases with code
at 4
speeds up work
decreases
outdoor outdoor
site volume
or as wanted
promotes
automation
work of our site
so frozen databases
we move
our server
for this he must be imprisoned than u
I'm already running
and here we go to
and parcels
but the collective farm
parable note
may however
mother's right to exchange
allows
manages databases
knowing the square
let's create it here
database
well, let's call her
my site
to create
so and
here you will see them
but more data
created by
may site
in this database
create a table
from so far what is this report points about
what
empty base
and probably he
with this
with this with
installations
let's set six fields
sixth
at the same time we are hiding
set by set
in subsequent years there was a Pole
fill in
first taiga
here you have type
this field
choose a whole cleaning and
but it is cheap selling 1 2 3 4 5 length
let it be 2
farther
additional leave but here
change and primary key
next field
This field visitors will be stored
name of our page
choose okey in the apartment chart allows imei
202 255
characters 255 characters
such leave
is there some more
the next is
zoologist on our page
title that will be prescribed
patriarch kitsul
and again left your hour 200
following method g
description of our site methods keywords
and description description
allowed
we need for search engines
understanding
as if
classifies our concerns our
page
meters
risk description is described short
page content
ooo cooler in their words
keywords which task
appears on our page
all these are search engine taxes
so methods
methods
and mexico
the same thing in an hour to withdraw
apartments
me to lead
us and me here directly
texts
our capital
who we
ask Cyprus
click save
created table
which we will be further constipated